chore(tutorials): content review (#2981)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/postgis-managed-databases/index.mdx

categories:
  - postgresql-and-mysql
dates:
  validation: 2024-03-27
  posted: 2019-12-31
---

> PostGIS is an extension to the PostgreSQL database management system developed by the Canadian company Refractions Research Inc. The extension allows to store and manage Geographic Information Systems (GIS) objects in PostgreSQL. It is available on Scaleway Databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostGIS is an extension to the PostgreSQL database management system developed by the Canadian company Refractions Research Inc. The extension allows storing and managing Geographic Information Systems (GIS) objects in PostgreSQL. It is available on Scaleway Databases.
```
